mad Muhammad I didn't hear your voice
for so many days she
says but he's among the tens of
thousands of Palestinians who've been
silenced
forever the bodies kept coming as two
more residential areas were targeted by
Israeli
forces as swear to God there is no
safety I fled kanun to Rafa and here
they bombed Us in Rafa
and the body bags keep piling up because
Israel is intensifying its Waring of the
densely populated Southern
Gaza we instructed the Israeli Army to
prepare to operate in Rafa and the two
Central camps the last remaining
strongholds of
Hamas
[Music]
as the Israeli Prime Minister delivers
claims backed by no evidence his army
has killed more than 27,000 and forcibly
displaced nearly 2 million Rafa is now
home to hundreds of thousands of people
who were forced out by the Israeli
military and more attacks on packed
neighborhoods mean more civilian deaths
despite the international Court of
Justice's order to stop acts which could
amount to
genocide suddenly in the blink of an eye
Rockets fell on children women and the
elderly what for why because of the
upcoming ceasefire usually before any
ceasefire this happens this is not our
first war we have lived through many
wars from 2008 until today not to
mention the ones before what is the
result before any or any ceasefire the
destruction becomes
worse there is not much hope here that
Israel will stop its offensive although
there is a ceasefire deal being
negotiated by Qatar Egypt and the United
States the US Administration has
continued to provide military assistance
to Israel while using words like
this any military campaign military
operation that Israel undertakes needs
to put civilians first and foremost in
mind
but that message is clearly being
ignored by Israel which is
indiscriminately bombing and shelling
Palestinians in Gaza every
day jaid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer